ARTSPACE PRESENTATION

Hello- Intro to the problem
Laura intro.

Teaser- Show search results page

Intro- Who I am, what I like to do
As an artist I am interested in the connection between technical creativity and design

Process-Story
We care a lot about process, and it helped
Clear, personal statement about the vision for the project

Hash out user stories, extract from Laura's head
***show whiteboards
2 main user flows

AirBnb & Domu...what do we like? what don't we like?
***show whiteboards with drawings
Selection of target audience

From each perspective, what do I want to see/what do I need to be able to do to accomplish the task that I want to accomplish
***show balsamiq

tool spiking 
***faked whiteboard
day and a half researching tools
technologies rose out of wireframe
clarified our flow and the structure of our database
basic actions in our controllers
***sql designer

modeling collab

fundamental routing

weekend-remote hangouts, morning scrums, standups 2 or 3 times a day
***wishlist

put all of our technologies together

morning review of the user experience

followed by the evening push to heroku to see that everything still worked

at which point we brought it to our target audience to be reviewed in order to pinpoint how to take what we have now and make it a useful real-world application

and here is some of the feedback that we got that can easily be introduced to the product we have thus far
As 










restating of problem

beginning of problem -user stories, hightlight our perspectives leading to disagreements and how we settled them
  be decisive, stick with a decision to get an MVP 

then we showed program to target audience, great feedback that was directly about some of the things we weren't sure about

because we went with the simpler thing, we can now extend our application to do that pretty easily

^^upfront story

here is a reflection on how our process led us to this point

wireframes

spiking 

workflow



As an artist in Chicago who also works for an independent venue, I have been subjected to some really complicated scheduling processes. When and if you can find a place to practice your art, you call "the guy" and they usually cannot accommodate your personal schedule. From the business end, availabiliy isn't very well-communicated to employees, resulting in double bookings, unneccesarily turning renters down, or having trouble filling the space when schedules change. We want to solve this problem for both parties.








As we brought our project to a close, we thought it would be great to test it on our target audience for a review of practicality and to provide some direction for further development. We took it to Visceral Dance Chicago where we presented it to the owner and studio manager They were thrilled that we identified the need for a tool like this, bringing to attention the fact that there is only one venue in Chicago that makes their calendar available for the community to see, and that the way they display information is pretty confusing to decipher. They appreciated the clarity with which we present information to users, which you will see shortly. One of the main notes for improvement would involve generating a confirmation email, providing the owner with the option to approve or decline a reservation instead of booking space automatically, which, ironically was our initial intuition. The path we chose to follow, however, was one of very direct and clear decision making that will allow us to implement this feature smoothly if we choose to continue working on this project in the future.




